Seven girls left ball is not your leg spine?
I wonder if you have a cure.
Dad has.
But it may take a little longer.
Miss Seven, your legs have been delayed for too long.
To heal
Emptiness must be confusing
If you can fix my leg.
I will immediately transfer this Thien Nhat Cac to you.
Seven girls joke.
Your leg, I will definitely cure.
And about this day.
I think
Having seven girls like that makes friends even more precious.
Please no thank you
If you need any help in the future, just let me know.
That day the color is not early anymore.
The students are still waiting for me.
Good things are not far away.
Mary.
This Purple Sand Tenglong Lake
Then give the shower room a shower of ice flowers from Wet Van.
I intended to send it to the old man in person on the day of discharge.
Gore.
Thanks for today.
What are you being polite to me about?
Huyen
Stay together.